just do anything outside a few days hey
what'd you call me huh what did you call
me bird be a bird huh say to my boys why
don't you say to my face what's your
call me did he call me any city we get
thee no yo dynamic Aminata plus you up
I'm gonna fuck you up you know that
right they look for me look for me my
name is heck and I'm gonna have time you
up domination yes we gotta back it up
into your capture deep movie out of
Mecca devanagari do it'll get better
good if that's what you call stomping
you don't know how to do it right hey
what you said you're gonna stomp all
over us and shit if you call that
stomping then you don't know what you're
doing except that who's the one that's
that they were gonna stomp them huh who
was it come out and be a man month was
it take it
I remember her name I don't remember get
him down and somebody on your team
started talking shit and say you're
gonna stomp all over us these games you
guys suck my name is velocity HD I'm
gonna fuck you up remember my mother
fucking name weight loss in the HD bitch
gonna fuck you up uh-huh I get you know
what my team does not talk shit ok ok
don't make excuses why your bed your bed
up low level I'm the shit and listen up
our level I am the highest level in here
so I call the shots back out back out of
this room because you fucking suck you
are not going to beat us so might as
well just back out of this room my name
is hecka and I am the shit you better
remember my mother fucking